Add project for testing code that requires Spark 3.1.0 or later (#1430)
NVIDIA/spark-rapids: tests-next-spark/README.md

---
layout: page
title: Testing
nav_order: 1
---
# RAPIDS Accelerator for Testing against the upcoming version of Apache Spark

> While writing unit-tests, we can run into situations where we depend on classes that are not
>  available in the default version of Spark (currently 3.0.0). In such a scenario we put

Reviewer: I'd refrain from putting in a version in here which is immediately out of date (3.0.1 is actually the "current" version).  Instead I suggest focusing on the snapshot nature of it, e.g.:
```suggestion
While writing unit-tests, we can run into situations where we depend on classes that are only
available in the SNAPSHOT version of the upcoming next version of Spark. In such a scenario we put
```
